What does friendship mean to you? Could you tell me what it means to you?
Friendship to me means everything. It means someone you can phone up during the day,
have a chat, have a natter, have a shoulder to cry on.
Someone who knows you very well, someone you can rely on, someone you can trust
and will always be there for you.
So today we've not been able to interview you with your close friend. Can you explain why that is
and who that person would have been?
My best friend is Natasha. She lives in South Africa. She's the bestest friend I've ever,
ever, ever had. She's like a family member to me. We do everything together, we laugh together,
we share stories together, we enjoy each other's company and we just get on really well.